# CS-320
### The files in this repository include files with a contact service feature with Contact, ContactService, ContactTest, and ContactServiceTest java classes, as well as an overall reflection of the overall project we completed as Project Two.
## How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
### I ensured my code was secure by having ample input validation for each aspect, avoiding any potential injection attack. This also helps ensure that the software is functional, as having the correct inputs and not having constant errors helps the software to continue to run. I did run into the issue of not being able to have my array lists be private while still being able to reference them in my junit tests, but other than that what needed to be protected was left as private and what did not need to be remained public, which helps avoid information being out there for grabs.
## How do I interpret user needs and incoroperate them into a program?
### I would directly reference the user needs as I was creating each section of code for this and every assignment. Figuring out how I was going to get to that end point of what the user wanted was always a top priority for me, as without adhearing to that goal, we would be coding aimlessly until we found an arbritrary end point or ran out of available time.
## How do I approach designing software?
### Following up on the previous question, I would first gather some insight to try and figure out where I needed to go with a requirement. If I were to run into issues, I would try some initial troubleshooting followed up with searching for additional help. This would usually lead to a solution, but if errors still persisted I would spend some extra time going through each section to see where I could be messing up, using print lines as I would be updating something, or other various methods to see where I am going wrong.
